in this tutorial I'll explain how to
record a landline phone call for this we
recommend using the settings PCM fine
rec or long rec after you have selected
your setting once the call starts just
press rec stop to start recording the
red light will turn on in the corner
indicating that the recording has
started after you have hung up just
press rec stop to finish the recording
when you play back your recording you
will find that the volume from the other
person is much lower this is normal and
it's how all landline call recordings
will be for any type of recorder you
purchase since it is merely recording
exactly what it is detecting from your
phone base but for best results turn the
volume on your phone all the way up we
do not recommend using the voice
activation settings for phone calls as a
low volume from the other person could
cause it to miss a few words here and
there as it is trained to tune out some
background noise in this setting however
if you still want to try it just set it
to PCM vor v you are or long vor next
press rec stop to begin the ability to
grab audio it won't actually start
recording though until a call comes in
and then it will activate it will run
for 20 hours and says you have plug the
cable into the microphone port it will
accidentally activate if there are
noises around the house
one other note says there's no beeping
or notifications that lets the color
know that they are being recorded for
any legal matters it is your
responsibility to notify the caller but
they are being recorded
whenever applicable so next I'm just
going to show you how to set up the
telephone adapter the first thing you
want to do is disconnect your landline
cable from the wall and insert it into
one end of the little black box on the
other end you will use our cable and
connect that to the second hole and
connect that and to the wall on the back
of the little black box
you will insert the 3.5 millimeter jack
on one end and the other end of that
will go into the microphone port the red
recorder it's the one all the way at the
top in summary for this we recommend
only using the settings PCM fine rack or
long rack after choosing your setting
once the call starts just press rec stop
to start recording after you have hung
up just press rec stop again to finish
the recording if the back light is
turned off you'll have to press this
twice when you play back your recording
you will find that the volume from the
other person is much lower this is
normal and is how all landline call
recordings will be for any type of
recorder you purchase since it is merely
recording exactly what it is detecting
from your phone base but for best
results turn the volume on your phone
all the way up we do not recommend using
the voice activation settings for phone
calls as the low volume from the person
on the other end could cause it to miss
a few words as the voice activation
settings are trained to tune out some
background noise however if you still
want to try it just set it to PCM vor
fine vor or long vor next press rec stop
to begin the ability to grab audio it
won't actually start recording though
until a call comes in and then it will
automatically activate it will run for
20 hours before powering off to set up
the rad recorder with the telephone
adapter first unplug your landline cable
from your wall and plug it instead into
one end of the little black box in the
second hole of the box you will plug in
our landline cable and the other end of
that will go into the wall next you will
take the 3.5 millimeter cable and insert
it into the back of the black box and
the end of that will go into the
microphone port that is all the way at
the top on the left side
all the cables and adapter that you need
to record phone calls will be included
in your package
you